What is the role of a prototype program in problem solving?
What stages in the software life cycle are influenced by the testing stage?
What are the main advantages associated with object-oriented programming?
Where do C++ programs begin to execute?
What is a variable?
Where are variables declared in a C++ program?
What is the main difference between a while and a do...while statement?
What is typically included in a class definition?
What is the difference between a data member and a local variable inside a member function?
What is the difference between a constructor and a function?
When does C++ create a default constructor?
How many constructors can be created for a class?
What is the difference between a function prototype and a function definition?
What is the role of a header-file?
What does a function signature include?
What is the scope of global variables?
How does the compiler handle inline functions?
What is the main advantage associated with function arguments that are passed by reference?
How are overloaded functions differentiated by the compiler?
When defining a recursive function, what are possible causes for infinite recursion?
What are the similarities between iteration and recursion?
What are the two different ways of specifying the length of an array?
What is the main difference between strings declared using the type string versus strings declared using an array of characters?
How are arrays passed to functions?
What is the difference between an array declared as static, and one that is not?
How many dimensions need to be specified when passing a multi-dimensional array as an argument to a function?
Using an index outside the bounds of the array generates an error. Is this a compilation error or a run-time error?
How are bi-dimensional arrays stored in memory, by rows or by columns?
In one sentence, what is the main idea implemented by insertion sort?
In one sentence, what is the main idea implemented by selection sort?
What is the number of operations for insertion sort under a best-case scenario, and what is the best-case scenario?
What is the base case for a recursive implementation of merge sort?
What is a pointer?
What does the address (&) operator return?
What does the star (*) operator return?
How can an array be addressed in pointer/offset notation?
What does the sizeof operator return?
What are the different ways to pass a pointer to a function?
What is a function pointer?
What is a linked list?
What is the main advantage of linked lists over arrays?
What is the main advantage of arrays over linked lists?
How are linked lists passed as arguments to a function?
What is the difference between a circular linked list and a basic linked list?
What is the main advantage of a doubly-linked list over a basic linked list?
What is the main disadvantage of a doubly-linked list over a basic linked list?
What is a stack?
What are the two main functions defined by a stack?
How can you implement a stack with an array?
How can you implement a stack with a list?
Which implementation (array-based vs. list-based) is preferred, and why?
How are infix expressions evaluated by computers?
What operations would you need to perform to find a given element on a stack?
What is a queue?
What are the two main functions defined by a queue?
How can you implement a queue with an array?
How can you implement a queue with a list?
Which implementation (array-based vs. list-based) is preferred for a queue, and why?
What is the stack operation corresponding to the enqueue operation in queues?
What data structure is more appropriate for scheduling printing jobs at a printer, a stack or a queue?
What is a tree?
What is the height of a tree?
What is a leaf?
What is a binary tree?
What is a binary search tree?
What is the inorder traversal of a binary tree?
How many comparisons does it take to find an element in a binary search tree?
What are the elements typically included in a class definition?
What are the access-specifiers that can be used in a C++ class definition?
How are objects initialized when they are created?
What is a function signature?
What is a recursive function?
What is the alternative way to solve a problem that could be solved through recursive functions?
What is the difference between an array that is declared as static and one that is not?
What is the main difference between a string of characters that is read into a variable of type string versus a variable of type char[]?
Briefly describe the divide-and-conquer paradigm.
Briefly describe in one sentence how does merge sort work?
What is a pointer?
What is the experimental approach for measuring the running time of an algorithm?
Order the following functions by their running time: n^2; log(log n) ; 2^(log n) ; n! ; n^3.
Briefly, how does selection sort work?
What is the advantage of linked lists over arrays?
What is a queue?
What are the main operations associated with a stack?
What is the Euler tour traversal of a tree?
How do you delete a node from a binary search tree?
How many steps does it take to search a node in a binary search tree?
