It includes the name of the program, the type of parameters it can take. It should also include a brief description of what the function does.
it includes the specific information about the function such as input and output variable types and how many of each.
The function signature includes the name of the function and the types of its arguments.
A function signature consists of the function prototype. This tells you the general information about a function, its name, parameters, what scope it is in, and other miscellaneous information.
It includes the name of the function and the types of its arguments.
Name, paramaters, scope, and other general function information
It includes a function name and parameter list. Does not include return type. Function signatures must be different.
input parameters and return type
The portion of the function prototyp tha has the function name and the arguments but NOT the return type.
Name of the function and the types of it's arguments
The name of the function and the types of its arguments.
Includes the name of the function and the types of its arguments.
identification of a function and the data types of its parameters, it has the name, and the data type variables
a return type, and input parameters
The function signature includes the method name and the input types.
A function signature includes the name of the function and types of arguments, but not the return type.<br><br>
The signature can include a result type and thrown errors.
function name, and input paramaters
The name of the function and the types of its arguments.<br>This includes the number, type, and order the parameters appear in.
the name of the function and the types of its arguments
A function signature includes the name of the function and the types of its arguments
A function signature includes a function's return type, parameters and semi-colon.
the name of the function and the types of its arguments
the function's name and parameters
The name of the function and the types of its arguments.
The portion of a function prototype that includes the name of the function and the types of its arguments
the name of the function and its parameters
The function name and parameters
name of function and types of arguments
a function's return type and parameter list
it includes the name of the function, and the types of its arguments. it does not specify the function return type. Function in the same scope must have unqiue signatures.
