It expands the function's definition in that place. Once the functions is called you can use it as many times as you need. The compiler just expands on the function.
When the compiler inline-expands a function call, the function's code gets inserted into the caller's code stream (conceptually similar to what happens with a #define macro). This can, depending on a zillion other things, improve performance, because the optimizer can procedurally integrate the called code — optimize the called code into the caller. <br><br>
The inline keyword advises the compiler to copy the function's code in place to avoid function calls; however the compiler can and typically does ignore the inline qualifier for all but the smallest functions.
The compiler can ignore the inline qualifier and typically does so for all but the smallest functions.
Placing the qualifier inline before a function's return type in the function definition "advises" the compiler to generate a copy of the function's code in place to avoid a function call.
You declare your inline function in the header or before your int main(). You then can call that function at anytime in your main program quickly and easily.
It expands a small function out... making your code longer, but also makes it run faster.
the function is not treated as a separate unit like other functions
When the program compiles,it will copy the function inplace, avoiding a function call.
It replaces all instances of that function call with the inline code itself, resulting in longer but faster programs.
The compiler can ignore the inline qualifier and typically does so for all but the smallest functions.
Ignores the inline qualifier and typically does so for all but the smallest functions.
If the function is small enough it will expand it but it will run faster as it will avoid making so many calls to the function.
it treats them as the same function
Inline functions are copied in place, instead of being referenced.
For inline functions, the compiler creates a copy of the function's code in place so it doesn't have to make a function call and add to the function call stack.
it generates a copy of the function's coding which eliminates calling the function
not answered
It generates a copy of the function's code by by inserting it in the program.
tells the compiler to make a copy of function's code in place to avoid a function call. it typically ignores it, except for the smallest functions.
The compiler can ignore the inline qualifier and typically does so for all but the smallest functions.
Multiple copies of the function code are inserted into the program, making it bigger.
compiler ignores inline qualifier
It generates a copy of the function, if it is needed again.
The complier includes copies of inline functions instead of making function calls, but usually only with very small functions.
Compiler generate a copy of the function's code in place (when appropriate) to avoid a function call
instead of calling the function every time it is invoked, the compiler will replace the function call with a copy of the function body
Expands the function into the program
it generates a copy of the functions code in place to avoid a function call
the function call will be replaced by the code that was defined in the inline function
When the compiler inline-expands a function call, the function's code gets inserted into the caller's code stream (conceptually similar to what happens with a #define macro). This can, depending on a zillion other things, improve performance, because the optimizer can procedurally integrate the called code — optimize the called code into the caller.
