The compiler selects the proper functions to execute based on number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
They differentiated by the compiler by the conditions/inputs used for one of the overloaded functions.
The compiler distinguishes overloaded functions by their signatures. It encodes each function identifier with the number and types of its parameters to generate type-safe linkage, which ensures the proper overloaded function is called.
Overloaded functions are distinguished by their signatures, Name mangling or name decoration, and type-safe linkage ensures that proper overloaded functions is called and types of the arguments conform to tpes to the parameters.
The compiler selects proper function to execute based on number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
By the type they are initilized with (int, char, etc.)
It selects the proper function to execute based on number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
overloaded functions must have the same return type but different input parameters
It examines the names, types, and order of arguments on each function.
unique function signatures
Is based on number, types, and order of arguments in the function call.
Compiler selects proper function to execute based on number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
not answered
they have to have same return type, but different input parameters
Overloaded functions are differentiated by their parameters.
The compiler selects the right function to execute from the number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
it creates a set of candidate functions then a set of viable functions
their function signature.
The number and type of its parameters.
by their function signature
They have the same name, just different parameters.
They are differntiated by number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
it looks at the number, types, and order of arguments in the function call<br>
The compiler differentiates overloaded functions by their signature.
By the number, types, and order of their arguments
Compiler selects proper function to execute based on number, types and order of arguments in the function call.
paremeters
By the number, and the types and order of the parameters.
by the number and type of arguments
by their signature (return type, argument list)
overloaded function simply invovles haing a method with the same name within the class. is used to implement a method for subclass which overrides in other words replaces the implementation of the super class. Overloading the concept of providing different meaning to a object based on the context of its presence. Overloading is one type of polymorphism and this is also a feature in programing.
