Modularability, the ability to reuse parts of the program later in another program sometimes with completely different goals for the program. Also it makes it easier to debug code by dividing up the code into classes that each do a specific job and when the program fails at one job you only have one class to debug. Good for security purposes because it allows you to let someone use a program which sorts lists without having to give them access to the source code. ALso allows you to use inheritance and polymorphism.
This type of programming is more flexible, making it easier to add and modify the program. It is also a type of a fail safe program, you check each individual module. This eliminates redundant code and makes the program easier to read for other programmers. When debugging the program it is easier to track down the source of a problem within a module rather than a 2 million line program.
The main advantages to object-oriented programming are that existing classes can be reused and program maintenance and verification are easier.<br>
The advantages is that OOP allows us to build classes of objects. Three principles that make up OOP are:<br><br>Encapsulation- Objects combine data and operations.<br><br>Inheritance- Classes can inherit properties from other classes.<br><br>Polymorphism- Objects can determine appropriate operations at execution time.
Some advantages are existing classes can be reused and program maintenance and verification are easier to accomplish.
Object oriented programming allows programmers to use an object with classes that can be changed and manipulated while not affecting the entire object at once. The classes all hold attrubutes that affect the object.
Reusable components, Extensibility, Maintainability, it reduces large problems into smaller more manageable problems.
Encapsulation-objects combine data and operations<br>Inheritance- classes can inherit properties from other classes<br>Polymorphism- Objects can determine appropriate operations at execution time
-Easier to debugg<br> -Reusability
Re-usability and ease of maintenance
One of the main advantages is you can hide inner details a technique known by encapsulation. Objects combine the data and operations but you cannot see how it works.<br> Another advantage is you can reuse classes that have been defined earlier in the program, a method known as inheritance.<br> Finally another advantage is objects can determine appropriate operations at execution time a technique known as polymorphism.<br>
Existing classes can be reused, and program maintenance and verification are easier.
Using different modules allows for easier debugging
Data encapsulation concept,the use of functions or methods to manipulate data.
Modular, reusable code, allowing faster deployment of solutions, and a more general view of a solution.
Coding and Debugging programs are usually easier, as either the compiler will specify the object that is working incorrectly, or the function an object was assigned to will be easier to identify. The code itself also looks more organized and is easier to read and will help to avoid redundant coding. Post-programming maintenance is also easier.<br><br>Also, modules can be reused several times in other programs without too much hassle. Abstraction is the art of breaking down one big problem into smaller, simpler problems and solving them. Many of the smaller problems are shared between unique complex problems, and creating modules to these solve these smaller repeated problems can save time when you encounter them again.
Variables can remain private. The code is easily modified and reusable, as well as easily implemented. Not to mention easier to read and follow along as an observer.
Data Abstraction and control... it is possible to isolate elements<br>from other elements a lot easier and prevent tampering of data.<br>
Encapsulation - Objects use operations without knowing how the operation works.<br>Inheritance - cuts redundancy by reusing earlier classes.<br>Polymorphism - objects select the correct operation to use in the situation.
They make it easier to reuse and adapt previously written code and they separate complex programs into smaller, easier to understand classes.
Existing classes can be reused, Program maintenance and verification are easier<br>
Existing classes can be feused, Program maintenance and verification are easier
the main advantages to object-oriented programming is data abstraction, easier maintenance, and re-usability.
Existing classes can be reused<br>Program maintenance and verifications are easy
1- Existing classes can be reused<br>2- Program maintenance and verification are easier <br>
Information can be hidden. It is easier to debug. Programming is easier and more manageable.
Existing classes can be reused, program maintenance and verification are <br><br>easier.
existing classes can be reused<br>program maintenance and verification are easier
Well for one encapsulation the values of the variables inside an object are private, unless methods are written to pass info outside of the object. As well as Inheritance where each subclass inherits all variables and methods of its super class. Example in the book included obj clock and how obj alarm would still use clock from the first class.
