strings that are used in an char array are much easier to manipulate than as a string object, because each character is stored separately rather than as a whole
the type string uses less storage and you have to change the string all at once. with an array of characters you can make permutations of words using the characters stored in the array, without needing to actually access and change the variables. with an array of characters you can just change how they're accessed.
Unlike in a string declared using type string, in a string declared using an array of characters the programmer must provide the null terminating character and must ensure the array is large enough to hold the string and null terminating character.
All strings represented by character arrays end with the null character. You declare an object of type string just like any other type, for example:<br><br>string s;
By using an array of characters, one can store and manipulate the strings rather than just having a type string variable.
type string is an array of chars that will make an array of single letter characters while an array of strings will be an actual array of words (or an array of char arrays)
They're basically the same, however, a string ends w/ a null character, denoting the end of the string (and the size). A char array has potential to be any size, so it must be declared or limited.
string is a class in the standard library and has method that modify it. Whereas the char array is on able to be modifie by the user.
By using an array of characters, you are limited to the size of the array of characters.<br><br>By declaring by type the end of the string is acknowledged by white space.
The data class type string are designed to handle character data, and has many functions built into the class library to deal with them. An array of characters however is subject to all the same rules of any other array with no real additional functionality. Another difference is that the string class deals with the null character implicitly, unlike an array of characters, which must handle the null character explicitly.
string declared used in an array of characters contains each character in the array and a special string-termination character called the null character versus the type string.
A char array reads a string as each individual character. A string literal array reads the entire string.
array of characters can only hold as many characters as the array size and strings are not that limited.
Stings can only be modified by functions of the String class, an array of characters can be modified by the user
if by type string, the array contains an additional terminating null character
The array of characters has a null character \0 at the end of the array to signify the array's end. The string does not have this.
strings with type string are just that. Strings. They are not part of an array list at all where as one declared by an array is actually an array of characters able to be pointed and detected.
the array of characters has a set length, while the type string has virtually unlimited length.
Char array - Individual letters can be accessed directly with array subscript notation. <br>String array - array subscript will return the entire string.
array of characters need a termination character as well as size specification whether its explicit or implicit.
when using an array individual characters can be accessed and manipulated.
strings declared using an array of characters could result in data loss if character array not initialized large enough.
an array is passed by reference therefore if an array of characters is changed, the memory is changed not just the variable
the type string has several built-in functions not available when using a char array, but the individual characters in an array or more directly accessible than the characters in a string type string.
declaring a string, it includes white spaces<br>but declaring a array of character does not include white spaces
an array of characters has one element a string doesnt have. it is the termination element, or "null"
Strings declared using the type string can vary in length. Strings declared using an array of characters can not extend past the array length.
cant modify individual characters of a type string array, character type array can modify individual characters
the type string is a class and is safer, while the other is just an array of characters.
array it is the collection of similar data types ex:int a[10]<br><br>ten indicates the size of array. [ ] is index of array, we can give only integer values to array of a.<br><br>where as string mean collection of group of characters. <br>string declarations have a datatype usually causes storage to be allocated in memory that is capable of holding some predetermined number of symbols. <br><br> However Arrays can be declared to contain values of any non reference data type. Multiple arrarys of the same type
