A pointer that points to the memory address of the beginning part of a functions. pretty much the pointer points to the function so it can be called to execute.
A function pointer is a pointer that contains the address of the function in memory.
Function Pointers are pointers, i.e. variables, which point to the address of a function.
A pointer to a function is the address where the code for the function resides. They can be passed to functions, returned from functions, stored in arrays and assigned to other pointers.
It contains the address of the function in memory.
when it is dereferenced a function pointer calls its function with zero or more arguments.
a pointer to a function
A pointer to a function itself, contains the address of the function and can be used to call that function
Function Pointers are pointers, i.e. variables, which point to the address of a function.
A pointer to a function that contains the addresses of the function.
a pointer that contains the address of a function
a function pointer is a pointer to a function. It can be used in substitution for calling a function.
Points to the memory address of a function. Kind of like breaking a branch off of a tree object and hitting other objects with it.
They are pointers that contain the addresses to functions, they can be passed and returned from functions, as well as stored in arrays and assigned to other function pointers.
Pointer variables that point to function addresses.
Contains the address of the function in memory.
a pointer that points to a function itself, which allows passing a function as a parameter to another function.
pointers that contain the addresses of functions.
is a pointer that contains the address of a function
a pointer that contains the address of the function definition
A function pointer contains the memory address of a function. Using a function pointer, a function can be passed to or returned by another function. Function pointers can also be stored in arrays.
Function pointer is a pointer to a function. function pointer contains address of functions
a pointer that contains the address of a function in memory.
it contains the address of the function in memory
it is a pointer that points to the address of a function.
When dereferenced, a function pointer invokes a function, passing it zero or more arguments just like a normal function. In programming languages like C, function pointers can be used to simplify code, such as replacing large switch statements.
