Variable can be a integer or a string in a program.
In programming, a structure that holds data and is uniquely named by the programmer. It holds the data assigned to it until a new value is assigned or the program is finished.<br>
A variable is a location in memory where a value can be stored.
Variable is a location in the computer's memory, in which a value can be stored and later can retrieve that value.
A variable is a location in the computer's memory where a value can be stored for use by a program. Each variable has a name, a value, a type and a size.
A named object that can hold a numerical or letter value
It's a sybol or name for a value/number. Example: 'a_used_number' can stand for any given number, and the programmer can refer to that number by using the variable name.
A variable is a location in the computers memory where a value can be stored for use by a program
-An identifier that holds a location in memory.
a block of memory that holds a specific type of data
It is a location in the computer's memory where it can be stored for use by a program.
A location in memory where value can be stored.
a value/word that can assume any of a set of values
A pointer to a location in memory.
A variable is the memory address for a specific type of stored data, or from a mathematical perspective, a symbol representing a fixed definition with changing values.
A variable is a value that is subject to change in a computer's memory that can be used by programs. Programs can change the value of the variable and recall it later or act on it directly.
a symbol that stands in for a value that may or may not change depending on the program.
a placeholder to hold information used in the program...<br>for example:<br>int can hold: 1, 2, 3, 4, 68, 72, 256, etc.<br>float can hold: 1.54, 55.55, 1.24, 5.657, 8.8123, et.<br>char can hold: A, B, C, D, E, F, !, 4, 5, 6, P, etc.<br>
a stored value used by the program
A way to store different values into the program, such as numbers, words, letters, etc.
An object with a location in memory where value can be stored<br>
location in memory where a value can be stored
a variable is an object where data is stored.
Location in memory where a value can be stored.
it is a location in memory where value can be stored<br>
A variable is the location in a computer's memory where a value can be stored for use by a program.
A variable is a location in a computers memory where a value can be stored <br><br>for use by a program.
a location in memory where data can be stored and retrieved
Is a method or identifier I would say, we use to bind a data object to memory location; which is then stored in a location that can be accessed when and manipulated later when the variable name is called.
