Elements can be inserted into a link list at any point and does not need to be resized unlike an array needs to be.<br>
Unlike arrays, linked lists can insert and delete without shifting data and change in size easily.
Array size is fixed,but Linked is not fixed.
You can insert into and delete items from a pointer-based linked list without shifting data.
Arrays must be of a defined size... elements can be added to a linked list w/o defining any size.
The principal benefit of a linked list over a conventional array is that the order of the linked items may be different from the order that the data items are stored in memory or on disk, allowing the list of items to be traversed in a different order. A linked list is a self-referential datatype because it contains a pointer or link to another datum of the same type. Linked lists permit insertion and removal of nodes at any point in the list in constant time
You can expand when you need it. You do not have to predetermine the size.
Linked lists are able to grow and shrink in size as needed
Linked list is able to grow in size as needed. Does not require the shifting of items during insertions and deletions<br>
A linked list is not fixed in size, and does not require the shifting of items during insertions and deletions.
There is no limit as to how many you create where an array can only hold a given amount of information.
Linked lists have constant time insertion and deletion
Linked lists can be grown dynamically, items don't require shifting, and they have a greater awesome factor than that of arrays.
Linked lists have an indefinite size. They can be added to and taken away from very easily with little difficulty in the shifting of data.
Nearly infinite size, limited only by system memory and also the ability to expand the size dynamically.
They grow as needed, while arrays are of fixed size.
Does not have a fixed size. Linked list is able to grow as needed. The time to access an array bases list takes a contant amount of time where as an linked-base like depends on 'i'
Linked lists can grow and shrink as you need them to. Arrays have a fixed size.
more memory can be allocated on the fly for more items
A linked list may be increased in size as needed, while an array's size is set when it is created
Array has a fixed size, but linked list is able to grow in size as needed
its resizeable
Linked lists do not have a set size and can grow or shrink as needed.
linked lists are abe to grow as needed to a new size<br>
The size is not fixed, easier sorting because of no shifting, easier to insert items into the list
The size of array is restricted to declaration. Insertion/Deletion of values in middle of array is not possible.
