Array can retrieve memory from any place in the list while in a link list you have to traverse through each individual node.<br>
Arrays require less memory than linked lists and allow direct access to a specified item. Also, insertion and deletion in arrays does not require a list traversal.
Access to a particular element is very fast, because its location in memory can be determined mathematically and accessed directly.
Arrays are good for random access and good for sequential access which are both in constant time. Where linked lists are linear for random access. Arrays are faster in this case.
An array is capable of accessing any part of that array based on the index. The link list must be traversed from the beginning or the end, that is, data can only be accessed if it is adjacent to the previous or next nodes.
On the other hand, arrays allow random access, while linked lists allow only sequential access to elements. Singly-linked lists, in fact, can only be traversed in one direction.
You have to keep up with the head of the list.
Arrays are easier to implement and require less memory
Linked list has an increase complexity of the implementation. The linked list has an array that keeps growing which leads to a increase in memory.
You don't have to iterate through the entire list to access elements.
you can go forwards and backwards and point to any piece of data at any given time where linked lists have to point to the next piece of data.
Take up less memory and are contiguously stored
Arrays, being fixed, are less error prone.
Arrays have a set list of values. Meaning you can pick a spot in the array such as a[7] picks the 8th spot in the array. With linked lists you have to keep track with pointers if you want to take specific nodes out, otherwise you must traverse the entire list.
direct access to elements, and speed, linked lists have increased search times to access elements even if the list is sorted. ( like getting the last element without a pointer directly to the end of the list. )
Array items are accessed directly with equal access time
Array-bases implementations require less memory than a pointer-bases one.
You can access specific elements quickly in an array. In a linked list you must traverse the list to get access the same element.
link lists only allow sequential access where arrays allow random access
Any entitiy in an array may accessed immediately, whereas a linked list must be traversed one item at a time because each object only points adjacent objects
Array based implementation requires less memory than lined lists based implementation
Array-based implementations require less memory than a pointer-based ones<br>
You can go up and down an array , but you can only go one direction while traversing a linked list.
arrays allow for the random access of any item cotained a any time, linked lists must be gone through toget to the desired item
In arrays you have direct access to each element, but in linked lists you have to traverse the list up to the element that you need.
Array size is fixed. But Linked is not fixed, data is also accessed quicker in array list, also memory requirement is less and no pointers required. Arrays have random access and less overheads compared to Linked list have sequential access only with too much overheads and no cache memory support. On the other hand, arrays allow random access, while linked lists allow only sequential access to elements. Singly-linked lists, in fact, can only be traversed in one direction.
