They are passed by reference because you want the function to change the pointer<br>
In a circular linked list, every node has a successor which means that the last node's successor is the head or first node.
A circular linked list is a linked list that links items in a continuous circle. This allows the full list to be traversed by starting at any item in the list; a fixed head or tail is not required.
In a circular linked list, the last node points to the first node.
On a circular linked list, the end element points to the head, thus making the circle. A basic link list has nothing pointing to the head, and the last element points to null.
the circular linked list's last node points to the begining of the list while a standard linked list points to NULL
The last item in the list points to the head
In a circular linked list, the last node points back to the first node, there is no NULL
Circular linked lists are most useful for describing naturally circular structures, and have the advantage of regular structure and being able to traverse the list starting at any point.
A circular linked list has the last node point back to the head of the linked list.
Basic linked list points to a NULL at the end and circular points to the head at the end.
in a circular linked list the the last item points to the first item.
The circular linked list's tail points to the head, whereas the basic linked list's tail points to a NULL.
a basic linked list has an end with a null value where a circular linked list has a pointer from the end to the beginning
how to determine the end of the list, in basic linked lists the last element links to a null pointer, while circular linked lists link to the head element at the end.
No Node in a circular linked list contains NULL, the last Node points pack to a Node within the list.
The difference between a circular linked list and a basic linked list is that a circular linked list, the last node references the first node. Every node in a circular linked list has a successor and no node in a circular linked list contains NULL.
No node in a circular linked list contains NULL.
in a circular linked list the last element points to the head of the list
In a regular linked list the last object points to NULL. In a circular linked list, the last object points back to the beginning of the list
In circular linked list each node has successor, no node contains NULL, while in basic linked list last node contain NULL.
in a circular linked lists, the last element points to the first
A circular linked list does not have a last element. Instead, it's last item points to the head of the list.
in a circular linked list, the last node contains a pointer that goes back to the first node; in a basic linked list, the last node contains a null pointer<br>
in a circular linked list, the last object is linked back to the first object.
In the case of a non circular link list, if you are at the last node of the list and u want to move to first u need to go to one, step back till u reach to first. But in circular link list from last to first you need to make only one move. <br>In a single link list u can move only in one direction but in double link list u can move in any direction back or forward or forward.<br><br>
