A data structure for storing items which are to be accessed in last-in first-out order that can be implemented in three ways.
A stack is an abstract data type that is based on the principle that the last element inserted into the stack will be the first element removed from the stack.
Stores a set of elements in a particular order.
An ADT whose most recently inserted item is the first item removed or retrieved. This property is called last in, first out (LIFO). Items enter and leave a stack at its top.
A list in which only the top (or last item added) can be modified.
a stack is a data structure that uses push to insert an item and pop to remove ad item. The stack use a last in first out structure for inserting and removing items.
A data structure that stores data using LIFO.
A stack is similar to an array, but does not allow for random access. Stacks only allow a user to retrieve the last item put into the stack. Last in, fist out.
Stores a set of elements in a particular order. Stack principle: LAST IN FIRST OUT. It means: the last element inserted is the first one to be removed.
A stack is an ADT that stores a set of elements in a particular order.
a data type that stores a set of elements in a certain order, last in, first out.
a data structure that moves elements in last in first out
Stores a set of elements in a last in first out order.
A list that can be added to or removed from only from the top.
a stack is an Abstract data type which operates on a last in first out basis for storing a list of objects, and does not support ( at least in the pure stack) peeking at a element without removing the rest of the stack first.
Stores a set of elements in a particular order<br>based on the principle of Last In First Out (LIFO).
an object list that stores elements in a particular order, the first object inserted is at the bottom with the last object at the top so the first object in is the last object out.
An ADT that stores a set of elements in a particular order. The stack principles are LIFO. The last item inserted in the list is the first out.
An abstract data type that stores a set of elements in a particular order.
a collection of data to be executed in the order of last in first out
A stack is a data structure that allows data members to be added or removed one at a time, and in order. They are a "Last in First Out" structure.
Stores a set of element in a particular order
is a list of element where the first one to be removed is the last one inserted
A data structure that puts elements in a list and only allows the user<br> access to the last element.
a finite ordered list with zero or more elements
A storage container that holds objects in a certain order, which has a LIFO priority
Stacks are a type of container adaptors, specifically designed to operate in a LIFO context (last-in first-out), where elements are inserted and extracted only from the end of the container.
