A hierarchy of nodes that are sorted in a particular order. Each node has a ancestor (except for the root) and children (except for the leaves).
A tree is a finite set of one or more nodes with a specially designated node called the root and the remaining nodes are partitioned into disjoint sets where each of these sets is a tree.
A tree is a finite set of one or more nodes such that: there is a specially designated node called the root.
A connected, undirected graph without cycles.
A data structure that contains a root, internal nodes and external nodes. Each node references another node by means of pointers (pass-by-reference). The root is the "base" of the tree, it has no parents. A "leaf" is a node at the end of the tree which points to NULL.
a tree is a series of nodes where each node has links to other nodes.
an infinite set of nodes that have a root and descendants, and each addition is a leaf.
A set of one or more nodes that are hierarchically organized, with one special “root” node.
A tree is a finite set of one or more nodes such that there is a specially designated node called the root.<br>
one or more nodes in a hierarchy starting with the root and branching off like a tree to subtrees
A tree is a data structure where nodes are linked to each other in a hierarchical manner.
a grouping of data in a parent to child structure
It is a list of numbers in a list made by comparing values of nodes already in the tree and adding to the appropriate spot. Its a list made up of nodes with left and right pointers.
A tree is a branched data structure with nodes, and leaves... a special node called root has no parent node, but however like all other nodes can and does have 2 nodes that it links to, namely one on the right, and one on the left.
It organizes data in a nonlinear, hierarchical form, where items can have more than one successor.<br><br>Partitioned into a root node and subsets are general subtrees of the root.<br>
A tree is a finite set of one or more nodes such that there is a specially designated node called the root. The remaining nodes are partitioned into n&gt;=0 disjoint sets T the n plus 1, where each element set is a tree.
A finite set of nodes that starts with the root and terminates with leaves.
a set of data arranged with pointers. each element can have many pointers, but no two pointers point to the same element
A Tree is a data structure with one or more data nodes, each of which contains some data. Each node itself can have a number of attached child nodes, creating the branched structure Trees are named for.
a finite collection of nodes, where it starts with an element called the root, which has children, and its children have children until you get to the leaves which are the last elements and have to children
A nonlinear, two-dimensional data structure.
a finite set of one or more nodes such that there is a root node and all other nodes are split into trees of lesser value than the root
A finite number of nodes such that there is one root node, each node has a certain number of children nodes, and each child is also a tree
A type of data structure in which each element is attached to one or more elements directly beneath it.
