Name of the function, parameters it must receive in order to perform and a return type.
a function signature is the elements that make it unique such as the variables it calls for and also I suppose this includes the program it is in.
A function signature is the return type of a function, its name, and the number and type of its parameters.
function prototype that contains functions and data members.
A function signature is a declaration of the function that includes the parameter types and the number of parameters.
the declaration of the function.
Includes the name, accepted parameters, and return type.
its return type and its input parameters
Contains the function name and its paramaters. The return type is not included
Return type, function name, and the parameter types
The function signature tells what the function parameters and includes all the function calls
The function's name, as well as what it returns and what it accepts.
the body of the function that holds all the actual code
A function signature is the return type and accepted pass value type it takes
A function signature specifies the name and input variables of a function.
A function signature is the function's parameters and their type and the name of the function. The return type is not a part of the function signature.
the name of the function and what it accepts/ returns
the unique identifier of a function, which includes input variables along with the function name, but excludes the output type.
The order, number, and type of data items included inside the function parameters.
its the scope, type, and parameters of that function that give it it's properties and defines it against other functions.
is the name of the fuction, return type, and parameters that are being used
a function signature should include the name of the function, parameters, and a body.
the name of the function and the arguments passed to that function
A function signature, used in a function's prototype, is the set of object types it take in as parameters, with or without names given for the objects.
function name and parameter are called function signature.
fuction name and parameters
The parameters needed, the return type, and name of the function.
the signature of a function includes the name of the function, the number and types of parameters, and the return type
It is what uniquely separates overloaded functions. It includes the return type, and the parameter list of the function.
function sig is, is what is the class recognizes as the main function, or rather its specification
