A variable in memory that hold the address of another memory location to which it points too
A pointer is a variable that contains the memory address of a given value.
A pointer is a variable that stores the address of another variable.
A pointer is a variable that holds a memory address or location of another variable.
A data type that points to an address in memory which contains certain information. Used for pass-by-reference to save memory.
a pointer points to a location in memory of a certain data type
A pointer is a variable that points to the address location of another variable. Represented by (*).
A pointer is a variable that holds the address of a given variable (and of a given data type)
pointer is a programming data type whose value points to another value stored in computer memory by its address.
A data type that points to a specific memory address.
Its like a variable except it only holds the address in memory of the variable not the physical information.
a pointer is a reference to a memory location.
A pointer is an alias to an object in memory.
A pointer is a variable that contains a memory address for something that you can use, such as a value, array, or even a function.
its a data type with a memory address and a value
a form of storing data that keeps the location in memory of an data type or object.
it contains a object's memory address
variable that contains the memory address of a data object.
A pointer is an element that references a memory location.
an object that points to a specific place in memory, where a variable or value is stored.
a variable that stores the address of a memory location
A pointer is a variable that points to an address in memory, which contains some data. The pointer does not contain or point to any data, only a memory address.
Pointer is a variable which have a memory address of a variable.
a pointer points to a location in memory where data is stored
a variable that holds the address of another variable and can access the contents of the variable.
a pointer is a memory address that points to a data member
A data type that stores the memory address of another variable.
its like a variable but only holds an address in meomrry not the physical address.
