A data structure in C++ where the the first element in the queue is the first element taken out of the queue.
A queue is an abstract data type that performs operations on both ends of the list and exhibits first-in first-out behavior.
First in first out.
A queue is an abstract data type that involves putting an element at the back of the list. Queues use the FIFO, first in first out, idea where the first element in the list is the first that comes out.
A data structure that implements first in, first out. The element that has been there the longest is the first to get served.
a data structure that inserts elements at the end of it and removes elements from the front.
A queue is a collection of elements with the characteristics of first in first out (FIFO). The first item in is the first item out. All additional items are added to the end of the list.
A queue is a data structure that inserts data into a FIFO configuration, that is, data input to the structure is always at it's end, and data taken is always from the beginning.
It is a particular set of entities that are put in to a certain order by the enqueue and the dequeue functions.
A queue is a data type that operates under a FILO (First In Last Out) method. This means that the first element inserted into the queue is the first element removed.
like a linked list except it is first in last out
A queue is like a stack except it follows FIFO (First in first out) .
A queue is a data structure where the first node in is the first node out.
A queue is a First in First out data structure much like a line for a movie theatre. The first object in line is the first object to be handled or enacted upon.
its a lot like a stack, except that the first item put into the list is the first item to be taken from the list.
a first in first out list of items, like if you put 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 in the queue it will when you dequeue items remove the items in the same order as put in, so thus it will put out, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 in that exact order.
A linked list with a First In, Out structure<br>dequeue at the head of the list<br>enqueue at the end of the list
a list of objects that follow the rule first in first out, essentially a linked list that goes in order of the first object in the list is the first to be taken off.
A queue is an abstract data type that is based off of the priniple of first in first out. FIFO. The first item inserted into the list will the first item taken out.
It is a "first in first out" data structure. It can be implemented with either a linked list or an array.
an ordered list that performs task in the order of first in first out. adding items to the queue places items behind the rest of them. taking items off the queue takes the one that has waited the longest.
A queue is a linear, first-in first-out data structure. Data must be accessed in the same order it was put into the queue, so only the oldest item in the queue is accessible at any time. Main functions defined are enqueue and dequeue.
Queue is a buffer, it follows the rule of First In and First out. Queue is very useful in computer science for scheduleing .
a queue is a set of elements where the first element inserted is the first element to be removed
Is a list of items where the the user only has access to the first element and each new element is added at the end.
a queue is a list of data that follows the fifo principle, an example of this would be when you get into a line at a movie theater...the first one there gets to buy a ticket first
A queue is a data structure that holds a set of objects, which has a FIFO (first in first out) priority.
like a linked list expect first in last out
