A constructor initializes an object or objects of a class. A function of a class performs a task such as display a line of text or do some kind of mathematical operations.
all constructors are functions but not all functions are constructors. Also functions can have nearly infinite purposes, while constructors always create an instance of whichever class you are using. You can change how a constructor does something but not what it does. With functions you can change not only the how but also the what.
Unlike regular functions, constructors are only used to initialize an object’s data when it is created. Constructors must also be given the same name as the class and cannot return any values.<br>
A constructor typically used to intialize data members and allocate resources, for instance memory, files, etc. Also a constructor cannot return values. Functions are operations that maybe globally defined.
Constructors cannot return values, so they cannot specify a return type. Normally, constructors are declared public.
A constructor is a method that starts new instances of a class. (Example: Employee employee1(parameters) starts a new instance of object of type Employee). A function is simply a module w/in a program that completes its single desired task.
A constructor is called whenever a new object of that class is made.
A constructor does not return any date and has no return type.<br><br>Functions can return date or not return data can have a return type.
A constructor is automatically called whenever an instance of a class is created, a function must be explicitly called by the user.
constructors cannot return values, so they cannot specify a return type like functions can.
A constructor is a function used to initialize an object's data when it is created.
a constructor initialises everything so that nothing is left empty or with random varioubles and a function modifies those variables with data.
A constructor initialized values at the execution of its instantiation. It provides default values.
A constructor sets up the default values of variables when an object is instantiated, whereas a function allows interaction with that object.
A constructor is used to create an object that can be employed in the main function of a program. This may or may not execute code along with it.<br><br>A function is a set of code that executes when called, but does not create a new object.
a constructor initializes data members but the functions actually perform tasks. Constructors cant return values either.
a constructor does not need a type, and it is used to initialize the variables.
Constructors don't have a return type.
constructor creates the class object into memory where functions perform actions against that object
constructors cannot return values
A constructor initializes values and a function usual performs some sort of operation.
A constructor is a function used to initialize an object's data when it is created. It's call is made implicitly when the object is created and must be defined with the same name as the class. Constructor also cannot return a value like a function can.
A constructor is used to create an instance of a class and has the same name as that class. A function cannot have the same name as a class and computes data.
a constructor is a function that initializes a class instance, a function performs whatever task it is written for
A constructor cannot return values, not even void, but function get a return value.
a constructor cannot return values, its not even void. it is used to initialize an object's data when it is created.<br>whereas, a function is created to do a specific task, and it can return values.
A constructor initializes an object. A function is part of an object.
constructors initialize the data that is then used in the calculations of a <br><br>function
a constructor is called when the class is created, a function can be called any time.
constructor is a special block of statements called when an object is created, either when it is declared statically or constructed on the stack. However a function is a portion of code within a larger program, which performs a specific task and independent to the rest of the code.
